"How to change habits from being night owl to early riser?"
"what is hong sau technique"
"how does hong sau progress into kriya yoga"
"how do you improve willingness"
"how do you clear mental and physical blocks"
"I want a couple of good quotes by Master on the uniqueness of individuals"
"end of life decision"
"does meditating together help disharmony?"
"Summarize Swamiji’s principles of education for life"
"Raja yoga as a spiritual practice"
"can you please show me a video where swami talks about what it was like to live with Master?"
"Do Swamiji and Master say to pray for specific things when facing a health challenge, or just for light? "
"what did Swami Kriyananda say about not presuming with intuition"
"Is there a talk by swami about Sevaka guidelines?"
"Full text of Yogananda saying “Through the power of this divine ray, millions will find God.”"
"Letters that Master wrote to swamiji"
"What were master's instructions to Swamiji to prepare for a class"
"can you give me some texts from Swamiji and Master about the effect and the benefits of praying for others ?"
"Give me 10 tips on an overnight seclusion for someone who hasn't secluded before. "
"What are some great examples that illustrate perfection is self transcendence"
"Where Are the IRa and the Pingla located"
"How can I feel the life current in the brain and in the spine?"
"Master quote it takes very very good karma"
"where is the story of master tripping over a rug"
"What does it mean that God’s consciousness resides in the heart of all atoms?"
"What were Sri Yukteswar's favorite chants?"
"Give me some ideas for our two hour live webinars we can do for people between age 18 and 55"
"What is the difference between Jivan Mukta and Liberation?"
" Did Master tell Swami Kriyananda that Swami would be freed in this lifetime?"
"Why do Kriya Yogis go thru so many tests?"
"Display a list of Anandi Cornell‘s books"
"By tuning to Swamiji are we tuning to Master?"
"How did Rajarshi Janakananda deal with negativity?"
"What do Master and Swami say about bringing meditation into activity, and making the activity support the meditation, and the meditation support the activity?"
"23rd psalm"
"talk by swami build a bonfire"
"What did Yogananda say about self analysis "
"How to deal with negative thoughts of others?"
"Discuss Swami Sri Yukteswar's statement 'Circumstances are always neutral, it's our reaction to them that makes them good or bad.'"
"What was the story about flowers in a cut vase following Yogananda as he moved around?"
"What are the spiritual benefits of community?"
"how to deepen Kriya meditation practice"
"how to bring meditation into daily life"
"chants related to "Transcending the Ego""
"How to emphasize the importance of concentrating the heart, mind, and soul during Kriya practice?"
"What to do if meditations are getting average?"
"Did Yogananda or Swamiji say anything more about the pineal gland?"
"lyrics to Kriyananda's song, you can't drive out the darkness with a stick"
"affirmation for learning new skill"
